We are going to work on a programming course diploma project. I’m finishing a course on Python backend development and this is the final project of the course. Remember that I do not want to over-complicate the project and I want to finish it fast, so let’s be consistent and do each thing at its time, so that we do not have to redo anything later in the process. Here’s what we should do now. 
1. Get acquinted with the ideas of the project in the file ‘Goals and steps.md’. 
2. Project structure is described in ‘Project_structure.md’
3. User roles and right on the site are described in the file ‘user_roles_rights.md’.
4. the four stages we should complete are fully described each in a separate file: stage1.md, stage2.md, stage3.md, stage4.md. Addittionally I have created tech_spec.md (reference to which you will find in the stage1.md and should be keeping in mind throughout the entire work). Also there’s a spec dedicated to stage3 - stage3_spec.md (useful to understand our testing and deploy processes). After all, there’s a Project_evaluation_criteria.md, which has an overview of how we should evaluate our work.

These are the complete tasks I’ve recieved. I propose let’s create one major specs dir with an .md in which we have a clear and comprehensive overview of all these files and maybe let’s also create few files dedicated to the more detailed specs. So that you have all that you need in the correct order and properly referenced. Also I think it will be useful to create a checklist that we will evaluate our project based on Project_Evaluation_Criteria.md file.

As for where to store the project at all. Since I’ll have to use Docker and also some more services with usage of which I experience problems on my old macos catalina, we are now working on the vms Ubuntu guest, which I’m using from my macos host Cursor via ssh.
In the directory ‘examplary confs’ there are files I’ve used for ci-cd of my previous project. I’d like to use same server and domain for this project, so that I just replace it with a new deploy. Just advise me how not to ruin everything. I’d like this project as well be dockerized, so I’ve also cc’ed my previous project’s docker files and other files which might be useful here for us. So let’s amend them when and if necessary, but remember to keep same credentials for the domain, server, etc. Be careful to not delete the data, I do not want to do same work twice.
